# Info

`./run.sh` script creates this project from scratch in new directory "minimal-project". It is for reference. This project runs using `npm run dev` command.

## Technological stack

1. Node.js and npm: Node.js is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine, and npm is the package manager for the Node JavaScript platform.
1. Vite: A build tool that aims to provide a faster and leaner development experience for modern web projects. It provides a dev server with Hot Module Replacement (HMR) and a build command for production bundles.
1. TypeScript: TypeScript is a strict syntactical superset of JavaScript and adds optional static typing to the language. TypeScript is designed for the development of large applications and transcompiles to JavaScript.
1. React: It is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces or UI components, maintained by Facebook and a community of individual developers and companies.
1. Effector: An effective multi store state manager for JavaScript applications, which helps to manage state, effects, and actions more effectively and with less boilerplate.
1. React Router DOM: It is the standard routing library for React, which allows for dynamic routing in your application.

# Below is README.md vite init autogenerated text

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
   parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
   },
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list
